Update docs to reflect updated 7 day period length (#2610)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/architecture/period_duration.rst

Period Duration
===============

In the NuCypher Network, a *Period* is the minimum unit for policy duration. This applies to sharing policy durations
and also corresponds to the frequency that Workers must make an on-chain commitment to being online and available.
Periods begin at UTC midnight.

Genesis
-------

At the Network launch on October 15th, 2020, the duration of a period was 24 hours. As a result, before UTC midnight,

> Workers needed to make a per period (daily) on-chain commitment transactions indicating availability for the following

Author: ✔️

period (after UTC midnight).

> The cost of the commitment transaction was approximately 200k gas but could cost more depending on the number of
> sub-stakes being staked. Given the significant increase in Ethereum gas since launch, the cost of the daily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cost of the commitment transaction is approximately 200k gas units but may be higher depending on the number of
sub-stakes a staker has. Given the significant increase in Ethereum gas price since network launch, the cost of the daily
 ```

Author: ✔️

> commitment transaction significantly increased and became untenable. Particularly for stake sizes closer to the minimum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
commitment transaction significantly increased and became untenable. Particularly for short stake duration and value closer to the minimum
```

Author: ✔️

stake size, the NU staking rewards and fees received from running a Worker may not cover the cost of this commitment
transaction.

> Reducing the transaction gas cost was a necessity, and there were multiple mitigation attempts:

Reviewer: This is not exactly accurate since transactions still cost the same amount, there are just fewer of them required.

```suggestion
 Reducing the total amount of gas fees required to run a worker became a necessity, and there have been multiple mitigations:
```

Author: ✔️

#. Removal of inactive sub-stakes i.e. sub-stakes that expired and were no longer relevant (`PR #2384 <https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher/issues/2384>`_).
#. Addition of a Worker configuration setting to specify a cap on the gas price that Workers were willing to pay for the
   commitment transaction. Commitment attempts are made throughout the current period, and if the gas price at the time
   is too high, the commitment is not made (`PR #2445 <https://github.com/nucypher/nucypher/issues/2445>`_).

Ultimately these were incremental solutions, which worked around the underlying issue. A more comprehensive next step
was to increase the period duration i.e. reduce the frequency with which Workers needed to make the on-chain commitment
transaction, thereby reducing the cost by a factor based on the increase in period duration.

> Taking a long-term perspective, lowering Worker overhead encourages more Stakers and Worker, and enables more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taking a long-term perspective, lowering Worker overhead encourages more participation, and enables more
```

Author: ✔️

competitive break-even policy fee price points for network usage which is likely to increase user adoption.

7-Day Period
------------

A `proposal to increase the protocol period duration <https://dao.nucypher.com/t/1-improve-staker-p-l-by-increasing-period-duration/110>`_,
outlining the pros and cons, was put forth to the :doc:`NuCypher DAO </architecture/dao>`, and a 7-day period duration
received the majority of votes. On ``[some date]`` the NuCypher DAO approved the period migration, and subsequently,
the period duration for the NuCypher protocol.

Modifying the period duration to 7 days involved changes to the ``StakingEscrow`` and ``PolicyManager`` smart
contracts, and the economics parameters for the protocol that include period duration, inflation parameters,
minimum staking periods, policy fee per period etc. all of which needed to be adjusted due to the
new minimum unit of time.

The period duration modification reduces the frequency of on-chain
commitment transactions (and therefore worker gas costs) and has minimal impact on the total staking rewards
received for running a Worker.  However, since the commitment transaction occurs every 7 days, staking rewards

> will also be minted once every 7 days (instead of daily), but the sum minted will be 7 days worth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will also be minted once every 7 days (instead of daily), however the reward rate remains the same (the minted value will be 7 days worth).
```

Author: ✔️
